# E-Car-Accessories-Shopping-System
1.	Introduction
1.1	Overview:
         The purpose of the document is to collect and analyze all assorted ideas that have come up to define the system, its requirements with respect to consumers. The purpose of this SRS document is to provide a detailed overview of our software product, its parameters and goals. Developing an online platform is a job that requires equal share of technological expertise and sound decision making. Principally built on PHP, this website offers human experience which makes the shopping experience as satisfying as in a real store. Programming engineers make it sure that the site is high on responsiveness and low on tech errors, which is the most favorable selling point of this online store.

1.2	Purpose:
      E-Car Accessories store is an e-commerce website allows consumers to electronically exchange goods and services with no barriers of time or distance. Electronic commerce has expanded rapidly over the past five years and is predicted to continue at this rate, or even accelerate. This online store for All the Car accessories Interior, Exterior and more! Largest selection from all brands at lowest price. Payment options - COD, Credit card and Debit card & more.

1.3	Scope:
       E-commerce is a term for any type of business, or commercial transaction that involves the transfer of information across the Internet. It covers a range of different types of businesses, from consumer based retail sites, through auction or music sites, to business exchanges trading goods and services between corporations. It is currently one of the most important aspects of the Internet to emerge.

1.6	Definitions:
1.6.1	End user/Customer - The end user will be the one who visits the website and buys products online from the ones added by the Vendor.
1.6.2	Vendor- Vendors/Sellers will add their products to the database, which will be seen in the website to the customers who can buy the products by selecting them. Vendors will have the special privileges than the end users, and have ability to manage the products added by them.
1.6.3	Product - A product is the item offered for sale. The price that can be charged depends on the market, the quality, the marketing and the segment that is targeted. Each product has a useful life after which it needs replacement, and a life cycle after which it has to be re- invented.
1.6.4	Administrators - Administrators are the ones who adds or administers the categories for the products, and administers the Vendors.
1.6.5	User ID - At the time of login or signup user is required to enter our complete details which gets saved at the particular company’s database and our unique ID is generated which helps in all correspondence in future.
1.6.6	Order ID – Each purchased and sold item has a unique Identification no. called Order ID that is used to track and record the details of the purchase done on the platform. It is generated by the system itself and no two product can ever have same Order ID.
1.6.7	Bank Details - The transaction amount will be transferred back to the saved account. So the bank details will be synchronized and saved at the backend database securely.
 
